Promote feature gate `VPAForETCD` to beta status (#9873)
gardener/gardener: docs/development/autoscaling-specifics-for-components.md

   In `HVPA` mode, the etcd is scaled by the [hvpa-controller](https://github.com/gardener/hvpa-controller). The gardenlet/gardener-operator is creating an `HVPA` resource for the etcd (`main` or `events`).
   The `HVPA` enables a vertical scaling for etcd.

   The `HVPA` mode is the used autoscaling mode when the `HVPA` feature gate is enabled and the `VPAForETCD` feature gate is disabled.

- `VPA`

   In `VPA` mode, the etcd is scaled by a native `VPA` resource.

   The `VPA` mode is the used autoscaling mode when the `VPAForETCD` feature gate is enabled (takes precedence over the `HVPA` feature gate). 

> Note: starting with release 1.96, the `VPAForETCD` feature gate is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]  
> Starting with release `v1.97`, the `VPAForETCD` feature gate is enabled by default.
```
